chore: script to give topological sort of modules (#24065)
leanprover-community/mathlib4: scripts/README.md

  and is not a rename, will likely confuse the script.

**Analyzing Mathlib's import structure**
- `topological_sort.py`

>   Analyzes dependencies between Lean files by finding all `.lean` files in a given directory,
>   extracting import statements, building a dependency graph, and performing a topological sort.
>   Usage: `python scripts/topological_sort.py <directory>`

Author: ```suggestion
  Analyzes dependencies between Lean files by finding all `.lean` files in Mathlib/
  extracting import statements, building a dependency graph, and performing a topological sort.
  Usage: `python scripts/topological_sort.py`
```
